what's up i'm derek dusek with five high
school sports magazine we are in
Beaumont Texas for the 2013-14
basketball preview photo shoot I am
joined with a trio from from Coons high
school to my immediate right I've got
Jamal Derek Edwards senior combo guard
small forward yes sir okay gralen Arnold
sophomore guard and out here we've got
Justin Harper junior guard greatland
let's talk start with you talk about you
sophomore on this team heavy
expectations for being one of the
younger guys on the team we just come
out and play it's normal normal things
Justin talk about you've been with this
team last year one of the expectations
inside of 22 a district
so anything less than steak how would
you define that let down Jamal Derek
your team's going to be looking to you
as a senior leader of this team are you
ready for that yeah what how would you
describe your style of ball as an
individual if you had to pick two or
three things that if I came to watch you
to play next week what would I observe
my jump duck jump shot yeah you like to
stretch the defense get out and shoot it
feel comfortable going are you more when
you're not shooting the ball taking it
to the rack yeah good the only person
can stop tu madre cutie mark I love that
all right in closing here guys 10 I mean
I've heard you say anything less than
steak would be a letdown talk a little
bit about your district play who's that
rival who are you really looking forward
to seeing on the hardwood just
really no rival about it dudee kind of
get up renewed a little bit what about
on that non-district schedules or
anybody on that schedule that you're
you've highlighted and said man I can't
wait for that game just going west
orange there you have it okay Derek do
sex with by high school sports magazine
come check out tunes they're gonna be a
lot of fun to watch
you